todo.md, before:

# Ideas for continuing the project:

# Todos:

* **APLOT**. The 3D plot have a different logic, due to the fact that axis is 3D axis. How to deal with it ? 3DAPlot?

  perhaps an idea, split APlot into: displayable plot -> grid_plot -> APlot.

  the grid_plot would take care of all the parameters, and in particular, would handle the dict_plot_param, dict_ax...
  the issue with some parameters is that for dict_plot_param they are just given to the plotter. It should be filtered
  first. This is the reason to problems in 3D axis.

  For example, the cmap is a pain. grid_plot could create a function that does this, everything a function needs to
  check before starting the inside:
  then one just needs to wrap all the function inside APlot. that is actually my main struggle: how to deal with
  function that can take any keyword argument and has a behavior depending on that? like colors, linewidth etc...

# THINGS TODO:
 - change the nb_ax by index_ax.
 - homogeneous input, not nb_ax then xx then xx then nb_ax. It should always be the same order.
 A possibility would be to put first the data, then the axis.
 - change return to give an ax. such that one can continue drawing on an axis!
 - what is happening with bis axis is a bit obscure. Let s clarify it. Not sure how.
 - labels when both axis are on the same graph, see if there is any comment about it and change it to adapt the new behavior.
 - verify that if I acces an nb_ax, I also check that the number is correct!
 - put the test at the bottom into a right test.
 - when dict of parameters given, mention if some are unused.

* **ESTIM HYPER PARAM**, see how it works, plots... essentially there is no way for now to test. So, the best thing
  would be:
    1. simulate a simple model (like sinus) on euler. Get 100 different config's performance. Then, that s where this
       estim kicks in.

* **LIBRARIES**
    * take care of dependencies BETWEEN libraries. Ideally, create different folders ? one big folder with the library
      and then put things together perhaps.

    * Merge the two NN_template and Lib. Merging once the nn template is satisfying:
      that implies the architectures are good (this is ok) but also having the hyper parameters estimator functional.

# List of tasks to tackle:

* plot relplot hawkes mseerrors todo for unique MSE ( Niels will do) in draw.

* for hawkes estim, not mandatory to have true values. in init


* plot_estim misses some function like from/to json. There is only the csv version...

* modularity issue in estim_history through _translate_history_to_dataframe. 
  Method in estim history though the input depends on the training.

Commit message:

Add df to estim_hist constructor, fix bugs in from_json. Add example of running and saving hyper_params,

todo.md, after:

# Ideas for continuing the project:

# Todos:

* **APLOT**. The 3D plot have a different logic, due to the fact that axis is 3D axis. How to deal with it ? 3DAPlot?

  perhaps an idea, split APlot into: displayable plot -> grid_plot -> APlot.

  the grid_plot would take care of all the parameters, and in particular, would handle the dict_plot_param, dict_ax...
  the issue with some parameters is that for dict_plot_param they are just given to the plotter. It should be filtered
  first. This is the reason to problems in 3D axis.

  For example, the cmap is a pain. grid_plot could create a function that does this, everything a function needs to
  check before starting the inside:
  then one just needs to wrap all the function inside APlot. that is actually my main struggle: how to deal with
  function that can take any keyword argument and has a behavior depending on that? like colors, linewidth etc...

# THINGS TODO:
 - create a directory path for to json if it doesn't exist
 - change the nb_ax by index_ax.
 - homogeneous input, not nb_ax then xx then xx then nb_ax. It should always be the same order.
 A possibility would be to put first the data, then the axis.
 - change return to give an ax. such that one can continue drawing on an axis!
 - what is happening with bis axis is a bit obscure. Let s clarify it. Not sure how.
 - labels when both axis are on the same graph, see if there is any comment about it and change it to adapt the new behavior.
 - verify that if I acces an nb_ax, I also check that the number is correct!
 - put the test at the bottom into a right test.
 - when dict of parameters given, mention if some are unused.

* **ESTIM HYPER PARAM**, see how it works, plots... essentially there is no way for now to test. So, the best thing
  would be:
    1. simulate a simple model (like sinus) on euler. Get 100 different config's performance. Then, that s where this
       estim kicks in.

* **LIBRARIES**
    * take care of dependencies BETWEEN libraries. Ideally, create different folders ? one big folder with the library
      and then put things together perhaps.

    * Merge the two NN_template and Lib. Merging once the nn template is satisfying:
      that implies the architectures are good (this is ok) but also having the hyper parameters estimator functional.

# List of tasks to tackle:

* plot relplot hawkes mseerrors todo for unique MSE ( Niels will do) in draw.

* for hawkes estim, not mandatory to have true values. in init


* plot_estim misses some function like from/to json. There is only the csv version...

* modularity issue in estim_history through _translate_history_to_dataframe. 
  Method in estim history though the input depends on the training.
